README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat"><img width="200" height="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat/master/assets/yellowcat-logo.svg" alt="YellowCat"></a>
  <br>
  YellowCat
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">An exceptionally fast crawler optimized for OSINT (Open Source Intelligence).</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/minhgiau998/YellowCat.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pypi.org/project/yellowcat/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pypi-@yellowcat-red.svg?style=flat-square" alt="pypi">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/minhgiau998/YellowCat.svg">
  </a>
</p>

## Screenshots

```
    |\__/,|   (`\
  _.|o o  |_   ) )
-(((---(((-------- version 1.0.0

[01] Whois
[02] Traceroute
[03] DNS Lookup
[04] Reverse DNS
[05] GeoIP Lookup
[06] Port Scan
[07] Page Links
[08] HTTP Header
[09] Email Header
[11] Subdomain Scanner
[99] Exit

Enter your choice [1-99]:
```

## Features

- **Whois**: Provides detailed information about domain registration, including owner details, registration date, and expiration date.
- **Traceroute**: Tracks the path of data packets from a computer to the target server, helping to identify intermediary points and detect network issues.
- **DNS Lookup**: Queries the domain name system to retrieve information about the IP address corresponding to a domain name.
- **Reverse DNS**: Converts an IP address back to a domain name, helping to identify the domain associated with a specific IP address.
- **GeoIP Lookup**: Determines the geographical location of an IP address, providing information about the country, city, and internet service provider.
- **Port Scan**: Checks for open ports on the target server, helping to identify running services and potential security vulnerabilities.
- **Page Links**: Collects all links on a specific webpage, helping to identify the structure and related resources of the website.
- **HTTP Header**: Analyzes HTTP headers from requests and responses between the client and server, providing information about the server, connection status, and security settings.
- **Email Header**: Analyzes email headers to determine the origin, path, and other related information, helping to detect phishing attacks and email security issues.
- **SQLmap**: Automates the process of detecting and exploiting SQL injection vulnerabilities in web applications.
- **Subdomain Scanner**: Identifies subdomains associated with a domain, helping to discover hidden resources and potential security vulnerabilities.

## Installation

Clone the project:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat.git
```

Go to the project directory:

```bash
cd YellowCat
```

Create a virtual environment:

```bash
py -m venv venv
```

Activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source venv/Scripts/activate
```

Install library dependencies:

```bash
py -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Start the project:

```bash
py yellowcat.py
```

## Demo

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/bDURqdryjnCyNuRD9LSNce631.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/bDURqdryjnCyNuRD9LSNce631)

## Support

For support, email minhgiau04041998@gmail.com or join our Discord channel.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Authors

- [@minhgiau998](https://www.github.com/minhgiau998)

Commit message:

Add robots.txt scanner plugin and menu option
Introduces a new robots.txt scanner plugin in plugins/robots.py to analyze disallowed and allowed paths. Updates README and yellowcat.py to include the new scanner in the menu and main logic, allowing users to check robots.txt files for potential security issues.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat"><img width="200" height="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat/master/assets/yellowcat-logo.svg" alt="YellowCat"></a>
  <br>
  YellowCat
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">An exceptionally fast crawler optimized for OSINT (Open Source Intelligence).</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/minhgiau998/YellowCat.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pypi.org/project/yellowcat/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pypi-@yellowcat-red.svg?style=flat-square" alt="pypi">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/minhgiau998/YellowCat.svg">
  </a>
</p>

## Screenshots

```
    |\__/,|   (`\
  _.|o o  |_   ) )
-(((---(((-------- version 1.0.0

[01] Whois
[02] Traceroute
[03] DNS Lookup
[04] Reverse DNS
[05] GeoIP Lookup
[06] Port Scan
[07] Page Links
[08] HTTP Header
[09] Email Header
[11] Subdomain Scanner
[12] Robots.txt Scanner
[99] Exit

Enter your choice [1-99]:
```

## Features

- **Whois**: Provides detailed information about domain registration, including owner details, registration date, and expiration date.
- **Traceroute**: Tracks the path of data packets from a computer to the target server, helping to identify intermediary points and detect network issues.
- **DNS Lookup**: Queries the domain name system to retrieve information about the IP address corresponding to a domain name.
- **Reverse DNS**: Converts an IP address back to a domain name, helping to identify the domain associated with a specific IP address.
- **GeoIP Lookup**: Determines the geographical location of an IP address, providing information about the country, city, and internet service provider.
- **Port Scan**: Checks for open ports on the target server, helping to identify running services and potential security vulnerabilities.
- **Page Links**: Collects all links on a specific webpage, helping to identify the structure and related resources of the website.
- **HTTP Header**: Analyzes HTTP headers from requests and responses between the client and server, providing information about the server, connection status, and security settings.
- **Email Header**: Analyzes email headers to determine the origin, path, and other related information, helping to detect phishing attacks and email security issues.
- **SQLmap**: Automates the process of detecting and exploiting SQL injection vulnerabilities in web applications.
- **Subdomain Scanner**: Identifies subdomains associated with a domain, helping to discover hidden resources and potential security vulnerabilities.
- **Robots.txt Scanner**: Analyzes the robots.txt file of a website to identify disallowed paths and potential security vulnerabilities.

## Installation

Clone the project:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/minhgiau998/YellowCat.git
```

Go to the project directory:

```bash
cd YellowCat
```

Create a virtual environment:

```bash
py -m venv venv
```

Activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source venv/Scripts/activate
```

Install library dependencies:

```bash
py -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Start the project:

```bash
py yellowcat.py
```

## Demo

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/bDURqdryjnCyNuRD9LSNce631.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/bDURqdryjnCyNuRD9LSNce631)

## Support

For support, email minhgiau04041998@gmail.com or join our Discord channel.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Authors

- [@minhgiau998](https://www.github.com/minhgiau998)
